Deprecating Tizen.Location.Geofence APIs (#5598)
Samsung/TizenFX: src/Tizen.Location.Geofence/doc/api/Tizen.Location.Geofence.md

remarks: *content
---
## Overview

> [!NOTE]
> All geofence APIs have been deprecated since Tizen 8.0 and will be removed after two releases without any alternatives.

Reviewer: That note could says that whole Tizen.Location is deprecated, as rest already was marked with Obsolete. And we need `>` for the note to be displayed correctly in the old docfx we are using.
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> All Tizen.Maps APIs have been deprecated since Tizen 8.0 (API level 11) and will be removed after two releases.
```
